everybody a well connected online plays
a binding of issac entereth Plus last
run bit of an aberration hopefully it
was no damage Oh God
no HP K 1 FZ 9 4 2 2 with ok damage more
damage than we finished our last run
with and a good rate of fire but now a
principle concern becomes the lack of HP
at our disposal however this is actually
I mean we won the last run but as
compared to the last run this one seems
like substantially more plausible of a
victory so that should be encouraging
above all else we were able to win that
weird blood rights run with dr. fetus
and 2 point 5 2 damage we should have a
decent shot and making our dreams come
true on today's run as well I would love
to get the peace of mind of being not
one champion hit away from death you
know two bombs pretty much guarantees
that one bomb probably puts us in a good
spot because we got one since it rock
but there's a second tinted rock in that
other room one of those has got to pay
out of spirit hearts it's it's
inconceivable that one of them wouldn't
so just give me the chance the other oh
I don't know how I feel about this I
like get these guys as far away as
possible from me and then maybe use the
ponies active effects yeah I didn't
really want to because I want to save it
for the boss but I kind of got myself
trapped in a corner there so I don't I
don't feel like we made the wrong
decision there and if we take a half
heart of damage we can always get
another charge rate for the boss fight
anyway potentially okay so that is
actually enough money to buy a spirit or
from the shop I'm sorry if I saying
sound like a little panicked right now
but if I'm being honest I am a little
panicked right now because this is a
tricky run ok the full heart there is at
least somewhat useful let me close
Twitter here because they just started
live-streaming a baseball game on it hey
you know good for them not really what
I'm interested in look at that 5 bombs
pack it open there's a spirit heart
let's crack this open in celebration
look at that 13 cents six bombs this
might be I mean it's a little premature
but it might be enough to give us the
wind basically outright small Rock would
be nice but dude the more spirit hearts
the merrier here yet delicate run like
very very delicate run but here we are
now in like a pretty much demonstrably
better position than we ever got to on
our last year I'm not going to harp on
the last run too much because the last
run ended up being a lot of fun as well
I realized we have petrified petrified
poop as well right now so we should be
cracking up on poops than ever possible
but last run ended up being fun if
admittedly extremely strange it's
usually a secret room and I guess we'll
donate a key because I didn't even
notice that guy was there until it was
too late what do you think shop here
the floors got to be relatively small
there's our shop let's grab the map
we're not going to have a charge ready
for the boss fight and I think that that
is completely okay I'm just happy to be
alive at this point does this run any
run you know you could start me with
mega one HP and I'd be I'd be concerned
in fact I might be more concerned than
just having great stats and one HP
considering mega can cause you to you
know locomote in the wrong direction at
times not quite gonna be at 5 cents
apparently we're going to fight famine
we botched the bomb drop pretty badly
especially considering there's a tinted
rock up here but you know what it's a
luxury position we find ourselves in
being able to make a mistake without it
being catastrophic now with all this
being said I'm in a good mood you know
I've been playing Isaac lately and I've
been playing pretty well getting good
daily finishes top one or two percent
and I I will always love you
[Music]
it's probably not going to get me sued
that's my guess nobody even knows that
song it's not like the most popular song
in the history of planet Earth or
anything what is the most popular song
in the history of planet Earth do you
think it's Gangnam style or like
Beethoven's fifth symphony by the way
both of those in contention on the final
ballot for my favorite song of all time
as well if only someone could combine
they told them sit Symphony and Gangnam
style Oh
oboe Oh oppa Gangnam style Oh fuff stop
stop this you're disrespecting psy one
of the most talented artists of all time
by comparing him to a Beethoven didn't
even sing Oh believe you me I'm tempted
I'm tempted to use our white pony effect
here but I figured we might as well save
it for the second half of this hello in
hindsight it's actually the opposite of
what we should do because we get a
charge midway through but whatever we're
feeling great the orbitals nice but it
is it's tiny and we're pretty mobile
which is great except you know the lack
of friction here sort of makes it easier
to accidentally walk into enemies when
using your orbital but I'll admit you
know with the amount of HP that we have
especially with the Hierophant hooking
us up here here athon judgement world
why use the world card man especially
with the hero font backing us up I feel
pretty compelled to like use our orbital
as much as possible but if this is DPS
oh I'll change my tune pretty quickly
and still incentivizes getting pretty
close to enemies unfortunately well
unfortunately for them because we're
going to kill them hopefully not
unfortunately for us
we've got our boss fight the boss is
going to get pooped on didn't quite die
in the first little salvo there which is
a little surprising to me but please
know Krampus just damaged I've earned a
run that pops off right from the get-go
let's go is brimstone meet the cop who
can't be stopped this is an amazing
start
I'll dull our damage still sucks we are
in a great position here to make good
things happen on this right now if only
this happened at some point on the last
run when we had spoon bender we'd be off
to the races
instead we're just like in a great spot
which is also still completely fine and
you know if nothing else I say you have
nothing else but really like brimstone
does a lot more than this for us but if
nothing else it definitely enables a
little bit more efficient usage of
petrified poop and has me getting a
little closer to that double digit
streak which is to be fair cobalt is on
like a 110 win streak of Eden or
something as of the recording of this
video but I was on a negative 5 or
negative 6 run as of oh we already did
that room as of about a week ago again
via the time of this recording or as of
the time of this recording so I'm
feeling a lot better about my chances
and I as it can sure is this a free win
probably should we feel amazing about
the fact that we're probably going to
win on this run no but you got a bank
those free runs when they come that's
the thing you got it you want to get a
good streak going you got to win the the
winnable runs and then you got to win
the loser bowl I mean that's the general
gist of it like we're going to John
Madden now you got to win the winnable
one then the loser bull ones I've been
doing a pretty good job of losing the
winnable ones and losing the loser bull
runs but we pulled that back from the
brink lately I have not gone to the item
room where is this item room it's a
surprise
William Shatner impression did you know
William Shatner is Canadian
that's the darn truth man I'm not even
joking with you we did find our item
room you know what like it's really good
but let's go for something a little bit
better because we have the time to do so
I'm going for something even better than
dogtooth no that's not it oh okay here
we go
so brimstone tiny planet is not the
weirdest setup you can get but pretty
weird and it also gives us a nice little
shield to protect us in some situations
as well which probably doesn't mean all
that much when you consider it but is
worth something and we actually get a
rear spoiler for choice like big fan
being the worst of the four items we saw
is actually fairly ridiculous because
big fan is a decent item in its own
right
big fan is like the item you grow to
hate as you become an Isaac hipster
you're like I don't like that big
orbital why will if I get sack dagger
behind it in the orbital order that it
slows down the rotation of sac dagger
I'm not going to say that that's not a
concern but it's a concern like come on
basically you know that's like some
motor trend stuff I got a survey like a
legitimate surveys I know when you say
like a I got surveyed over the phone
it's like a scam basically vinayan we
own a Ford automobile I know very very
little about cars so sometimes when I
tell people I own a Ford they go like oh
hell yeah buddy thanks for supporting
American Motorsports and I go you're
welcome but I don't know what you're
talking about and sometimes they go Wow
why didn't you buy a Mazda 3 and I go I
don't know that's a good question if
someone had told me you're supposed to
buy a Mazda 3 I would have bought a
Mazda 3 let's go dull razor like we
don't have anything that works with dull
razor yet but it's a great item did you
know to build on plus we're fast enough
to make this work but I got a call from
the Ford Motor Company of Canada and
they were like you know hey hey Ryan my
name is Damian just wanted to a quick
little survey see how you feel about
your Ford automobile
and I said alright and then he said
aren't so and just in general how do you
like the car and I was like is good and
then he said what in particular do you
like about it and I said I don't know
I'm pretty close laitanan
it's got good gas mileage and then I
think the Dameon not his real name on
the other end of the phone realized I'm
gonna stick with the old razor for now
that he was talking to an idiot and he
said he kind of paused for a second like
he was waiting for me to fill in more
space and then he said well alright we
were just checking in thanks for letting
us know so there you go that's today's
episode of nl talks to a fellow adult on
the telephone
but in my defense first off I'm not
speaking for everybody here but I'm
speaking for a lot of people I don't
like to be called my satisfaction of
owning your product
it didn't markedly go down as a result
of our phone interaction and Damian
seemed like a perfectly nice individual
however I will say if you tell me that
Mazda won't call me
two years after purchase to ask how I
feel about the car then I would be
probably a little bit more tipped into
the Mazda Kamp admittedly that's that's
how much value not speaking on the phone
carries to me on a regular basis let's
inch closer to bookworm you know what
let's try this it totally worked so we
didn't have to do that but we can use
dull razor to take like no damage on the
way in but we'd probably still take
damage on the way out depending on how
we handled it the second thing is if you
got no series of questions to ask I'm
just going to make something up I'm not
going to lie to you
Ford Focus it's got great gas mileage
sometimes we'll be like leaving Seattle
to come back to Vancouver and it'll be
like you're going to need gas 70% of the
way through the trip and I go Kate do
you want to get gas and she goes I don't
think we'll need it I'm like man this
lady's crazy then we get up on the
highway and she's right by the time we
get home we still got like you know
thirty kilometers of gas left in the
tank so we can fill it up easily the gas
mileage on that thing is pretty good but
at the same time I'm a millennial car
owner
it doesn't need repairs and it gets me
where I need to go let's be honest
Damien I'm just driving the forward
until Tesla comes out with an affordable
electric car that looks cool and gives
me like some social credit for driving
it because like we're not quite there
I'm not going to drop $100,000 on a
Tesla Model S who do you think I am
Reggie Watts I'm not there yet let's
crank it
Oh let's go okay so I am gonna go with
that for now
feel free to replace or I will feel free
to feel free to replace this if they
give me something that works with dull
razor over the course of this floor but
Gabi's head is good enough to hold
especially when you know I hate to say
it but our damage despite having
brimstone is just okay for the stage
that we're adding the game but anyway
I'm not that I'm complaining I didn't
say that to Damian over the phone and
maybe I should have but you know I feel
like Damian didn't ask for that
happiness right like Damian I know
you're not you know Ford Lee Iacocca but
at the same time when you guys coming
out with an electric car you know
Damien's not privy to that information
in all likelihood continue exploring
here Fred I don't like to receive
telephone because I put you on the spot
if you had told me I mean that's a
better choice right now what I would
love is an email that says hey we're
going to call you at this time a week
from now and then I would have prepared
an answer I would have been like hello
Damian I've heard a lot about you
on today's telephone call I'm going to
bring up a whirring a jarring shaking
sound that the transition decay
transmission occasionally makes as well
as complement the gas mileage of my ford
motor vehicle product you may prepare a
dossier of answers to deal with this as
well I also though I think that the they
call you again
I don't know cars I think they think
that I'm gonna buy another car when I
pay off this one I gotta let them know
that doesn't make any sense
that's like if you go to a restaurant
and you eat your meal and then you're
like I get the bill please and you pay
for it and they're like alright cool so
what do you have next you don't
understand I'm full
I am car full for like possibly ten
years hopefully ten years you know that
would be awesome the neck I wanna I want
to ride this one until self-driving cars
become more prevalent and acceptable and
you know it exists if you think I'm
going to you trying to milk as many like
focus purchases what have you changed
the car is existed is current form for
quite a long time what kind of
revolutions do you have olds six-speaker
oh the balance between the front and the
back why okay I don't care it doesn't
matter Lee Iacocca call me you can call
me many things but don't call me late
for dinner but Damien you can call me
again when you have a car that drives
itself or when you have a car that
requires no gasoline even better if it
requires no electricity like if it just
required like putting a bottle of Dasani
in it or something to start it up I'd be
all over it
until then Damien you know what enjoy
your job because you seem like a hard
worker this tangent has gone off or gone
on far too long
I always like driving if you don't drive
I feel no you should feel no
embarrassment you know Rob does not
drive and I see these 26 I think he
doesn't have a driver's license people
in the chat when they figure that out or
when he says it's not like he's ashamed
of it go like oh my god how can you be
like an adult and not drive the dude
eats off of paper plates and chat goes
oh yeah that's pretty reasonable he
doesn't want to do dishes so he doesn't
know how to drive a highly-specialized
automobile a piece of machinery at least
people go what is wrong with this guy we
got we got backwards social norms in
this society but anyway I completely
understand you know if you live in New
York City you've got public transit
everywhere you don't need to drive we
essentially got it I mean I learned to
drive because I grew up in a smaller
town and then beyond that people always
like the like 20% of you who don't drive
will hopefully relate to this if you
don't drive people always make up like
hilarious situations in which you will
need to drive in the future that I have
never seen happen in the real world
they're always like well what if your
wife or girlfriend knows how to drive so
she drives everywhere but one day she's
in labor so she can't drive and you have
to drive her to the hospital well all I
call a taxi or an ambulance or something
you know I I mean I'm not trying to make
this a political single-payer healthcare
thing but we live in Canada so that's me
it probably would be a it would be
considered perhaps a little outlandish
to use an ambulance to go to the
hospital for a routine baby delivery but
I actually don't know that might be
completely normal
and I mean I suppose that did literally
happen in peep show but I don't think
this situation you know what I want to
try to make boss rush even though seems
not super likely that's going to happen
well what if you know your your spouse
who does the driving as a heart attack
and you have to drive into the hospital
you know I think I guess if that
happened to me right now I would be like
sweet I have a driver's license I do all
the driving is there not all the drive
and do much of the driving between Kaden
myself she's a capable driver as well at
least I'm not worried about like
learning how to drive while driving but
I think the first thought that crossed
my mind would be like oh my god
my wife had a heart attack this is like
I wouldn't be thinking thank God 12
years ago I got my driver's license and
now I'm because if you like got your
driver's license you're 15 and then it
happened when you were 55 I don't think
you're going to be like thank God in
1972 I learned how to drive a Ford Pinto
so now I'm capable of what is this GPS
you know so you know what like I don't
let society shame you into being forced
to learn how to drive now is it a useful
skill yeah I I'm not one of those
weirdos who takes pleasure from driving
most of the time you know who you are oh
I love the thrill of the open road as I
you know no I'm not all about that every
time I get in the car I just think of
the screeching of metal on metal and
broken glass and the jaws of life and
you know Lovell adzan
melody Nelson or something like that but
that's a motorcycle you get the idea
thank God for the range upgrade right
but you don't need to you don't need to
be shamed into it if you live into a
place or if you live in a place that's
got good public transit it's also like
this I felt like there was a great
charade like my parents when I was
growing up and I'm glad they did it
because I probably wouldn't have done it
myself but they're like you got to get
your driver's license I was like oh it's
like a parody of most teenagers mum and
I want extra freedom can you just drive
me everywhere but I'm glad that they
that they did but then like as soon as I
got my driver's license they were like
don't drive anywhere
never by a car driving is dangerous and
cars are expensive you should just not
do it it's like well the hell as far as
I'm concerned if you want to play the
like security role we should all be
getting pilots licenses man what if
you're on an airplane and you know
nobody else bought tickets and then the
pilot and the copilot both ate at the
same place for dinner and they got food
poisoning it's really only person on the
flight they probably cancel it but it's
probably happened there we go that's
what we're looking for a teleport card
okay let's go let's go
butter no let's not go let's go
I think we can do this pretty easily I
can't believe this is two runs in a row
we're still waiting on our first damage
upgrade actually NL you got a blood clot
on the last episode you're not wrong I
had about negative 22 seconds to use it
and then on top of that blood clot is
not actually a statistical damage up and
this is a bit of nitpicking but it just
gives you tears that are twice as
damaging every other shot come on come
on
he's done it he's done it literally by
one second grab this going we got
algae's glass cannon haha good one
grab the fool card we're going to get
the heck out of here well gettin the
heck out of here because the game is
showing me no respect and I'm not even
pulling like a Rodney Dangerfield right
now I'm just being honest with you give
me a damage upgrade you little bee I'm
old enough to be your Creator and yet
here you are giving me no damage
upgrades with two runs in a row sure
last row me and mom's knife we didn't
really get the use of that much but we
did have mom's knife and we have blood
rights that actually worked out really
well for us and we had dr. fetus we
weren't exactly hurting although we did
almost die because it was still
relatively not great and then on this
run sure we got brimstone but we got no
extra damage no was possible to get two
runs in a row with no damage starting to
approach ridiculousness
okay accidentally took curse died which
shouldn't make no difference whatsoever
with brimstone now that I think about it
but did freak me out pretty good for a
second there with our HP sort of
dwindling you might think that I'm
getting a little anxious here but that's
not the case you know I feel it pretty
relaxed from the driving conversation
that we just had you know the real
reason to learn how to drive is that one
day you might be the oldest person on
earth you might be the only person from
a generation that existed before
self-driving cars and then if a big
freaking like solar flare hits earth and
short-circuits all the electronics and
sets us back to the Stone Age or
something like that
at least well most of the cars will not
work because they have you know on-board
electronics as well but if you find an
old enough vehicle you will be the lord
of the land what I was going to say is
uh you think I might be a little
concerned about this run I'm not really
because straight up
we respawn it's dark Judas if we die
once so that's something that's actually
like keeping me going right now is the
idea that if we die now we got a health
upgrade to go along with it but if we
die we'll come back as dark Judas and
then like no matter what our damage will
actually be better so this might
actually be a great opportunity to make
that happen we need to find some fires
or spikes or something like that but
there's enough HP in the vicinity here
for me to want to do this and if we can
become guffy in the process as well that
would be awesome hopefully it doesn't
require nine lives because I don't want
to die nine times to get double damage
but we'll take what we can get
polydactyl has given us the Emperor
that's very very good for Speed purposes
at least take that so we'll take the
razor blade and the reason we take the
razor blade because it allows us to hurt
ourselves like that I mean I guess you
could just walk into the fire anyway but
and we die come back as dark juice our
damage doubled even though it looks like
it went down because that's because we
had three razor blade charges and then
our HP is like roughly the same and
we'll head down here Emperor car best
used on the Cathedral but we could use
it on I mean we could use it on this
floor but we could use it on the camp
fly on the the chest if we really think
we're going to die just use it on the
chest you'll get less items and actually
like having six luck I'd really prefer
not to use it on the chest
but we'll see we'll see for now it's
good probably not going to fight hush
and like for the first time in about an
hour I feel like our run like an hour of
game time I feel like our run is
actually capable encompassing here it's
like a breath of fresh air seven damage
is it my birthday uh yeah okay dim bulb
it might seem like it's not that
valuable right now I mean it should seem
like it's valuable because of the stats
but it might seem like Maggie's faith is
better just remember we don't get that
much more value out of Maggie's faith
maybe two HP but we've already got one
heart holding it down for us here
regardless we did get a deal this is a
great time for Gumby to exist but no
such luck
alright well let's do this the fun way
at least as fun as you can get with
brimstone here it is going to be a
faster run whether it's a win or a loss
you go into this room you teleport out
teleport out because I did not see a
tinted rock on there
may have been mistaken but seeing is
there were zero rocks I'm going to go
ahead and guess that the tinted rock
probably did not exist
this is the run that is you know
sometimes people go a Brimstone's not
that good NL you need damage to make
brimstone work and you go yeah okay I
see with your able as sandwich isn't
that good unless you put something in it
like obviously if you have brimstone
you're going to have damage along with
it this is the counter-argument to that
we did make it work through dark Judas
but it took some time it took some time
all right come on you may leave this is
it what my Tomo leaving the office let's
get a bit what something something and
meow mix what see it works you just got
to wait on it okay well we only had two
keys oh it's a pill pheromones well we
know it's going to be this way okay
taking a team for the lower tier delay
ends bonus damage speed is through the
roof now - but copy well we could have
gotten bookworm if we played our cards
slightly differently but we didn't and
that's also okay more keys we want lazar
eggs I mean to be honest with you I
don't really understand why I didn't
pick up lazar eggs to begin with like it
doesn't cost us anything to hold it and
just gives us a chance like I guess we
could just say hey we don't even need to
pop the algae's room until Lazarus or
rags brings us back from the dead and
when that happens then we can be like
okay get to get that algae's rune out
and we'll probably win because we have
so much damage output from our orbitals
primarily right now and finally we're
not a slouch in the damage-dealing
department as well but it's actually a
really good useless book if we're going
to get a useless book I'm glad that we
got one that had some usefulness showed
us where the boss room was and allowed
us to finish this run in a bit of an
expedited fashion
which is what this one's built for this
is like a glass cannon style I would say
that probably if we did not come on
though if we did not get dark Judas this
run would have been maybe only like a
75% chance to win which probably sounds
overly optimistic but I don't I mean 75%
is pretty bad in Isaac terms considering
people are popping off you know 100 win
streaks right now
but with the Winstar Judas is basically
a hundred percent so this is one in
which we will absolutely like 1 million
percent not go to void it's just this is
a perfect run to just make it through to
the Isaac fight and then go off you know
and do our own business because the void
fight here strikes me as a really stupid
idea so like we definitely should not do
it but who are you calling a baby
you get your mojo I get your baby Austin
Powers anybody classic film franchise so
why do this one is pride like there's
two conflicting emotions pride and guilt
the pride I think we're happier with dim
bulb
the pride factor is I think I can get
good enough with the items we'll get
down here to beat delirium we also stand
a decent chance to get a guppy item
because they basically the the item pool
becomes chaotic down here as if you have
Chaos magic mush uh balls of steel ah if
we become guppy we're probably said now
you give me the flippin keys man of
knowledge is the keys and just show me
the lock okay but you've shown me more
keys which is not specifically what I
asked for I really really do not want to
fight delirium first good stuff mom's
key we really are just looking for
things that give us spirit hearts which
is why I'm doing every single room cuz I
tinted rocks and like I mean mom's key
is okay if we're getting a lot of chests
down here but tinted rocks and you know
blue fires and skulls and stuff like
that that's our bread and butter right
now that's what we're looking for booger
tears does nothing the luck upgrade I
mean should be good it's probably you
know what if that's a boss fight up at
the top here there's no way it's going
to be delirium so yeah this this should
not be a plausible delirium fight the
adversary should get dusted relatively
easily as long as we kill him before he
fires a brimstone shot I'm feeling good
poison shots by a Scorpio
it's just ok as of right now it's
looking like we're going to need a
decent delirium fight to win obviously I
wanted to get to the point where it's an
automatic victory more or less but not
quite there yet
we've got golden keys so that's
basically irrelevant I mean this could
be a delirium fight down here but all
these other boss fights could also
basically be delirium fights there's a
couple of cards that could do good stuff
for us like called runes actually
algae's would be nice and then there's
pills like I'm drowsy is really really
good against delirium as we saw on a
previous daily so oh you didn't watch
that one and see how it is getting a lot
of like pretty difficult boss fights out
of the way down here which is actually
really nice but I wouldn't be surprised
to get hit once or twice against the
lamb you know this enemies not a
complete joke so close so close we've
done it didn't get hit got bobs rotten
head what a classic I think we got to
take a demons tale The Dream
give me an item luck ops then the dream
is we get the full HP on on black hearts
and then we're we're set I think we're
going to go to the like upper right side
of the map right now we did lose some
stats by getting rid of dim bulb dim
bulb is a very very nice trinket when
you have an item that makes it you know
pop consistently and admittedly guppies
head is an item that makes it pop
consistently so we had the dream there
but in our situation every demon heart
could be the difference between like a
win and a loss so we're going to pick up
as many of those as prudent
similarly like that tinted rock paying
out with not a demon heart could be the
difference between a loss and a win this
run as things have gotten you know more
intense down the line here it's kept my
engagement which you don't get to say
that much about every brimstone run you
know usually brimstone I mean let's be
honest it's worth it but I hate that I
took damage they're trying to get out of
the way weekend flying out though
usually brimstone runs you know they are
just great it's not a bad thing wouldn't
mind having just a super overpowered
brimstone run right now this one's a
little bit for better or worse more
engaging
probably not delirium sweet just one
last guppy item I don't care if it
effectively makes fate not worth taking
I want that guppy item
shielded tears is also really good and
is actually particularly strong against
underline picking up keys we have a
golden key on what is by necessity the
final floor but this also should not be
delirium bracket open dude no troll
bombs it's a good start monstro - we
will really like shielded tears I think
against an enemy like delirium that has
bullet held properties but careful
better closer warmer please tell me
there's nothing on the other side we're
good could be delirium I don't know now
we get to the point where earlier on I
wasn't I had low expectations so if I
was like I've I got delirium who cares
now I'm like I could win this run so I
don't want to fight the lyrium yet
because if we lose a run we could win
there's a great association of shame
that comes with that so we got a we got
to fight back against that chance you
you could say that the tick is worth
taking into the delirium fight and you
may be right for taking off some of the
boss's HP especially if it takes off a
static 15% because I thought that's how
it worked is like it took fifteen
percent of every boss's HP if it takes
15% of deliriums HP it's like
extraordinarily worth taking but I
wouldn't rule out the possibility that
this was just a judgment call and
luckily worked but he's done it it's
guppy
this might not even be delirium to be
fair but if it takes 15% that's a time
but if it doesn't we'd rather have demon
tail because I think demon tail still
gives us a chance if somehow we get
something that can spawn red hearts they
could spawn they could spawn demon
hearts instead which are like
drastically more likely to be useful so
that was damage we can't afford to take
for being being honest well there's only
two boss locations left the one at the
end is much more likely to be delirium I
think well to be honest with you we
might actually prefer to go with
something like the triple-a battery I
can never remember those triple-a
battery actually give you the ability to
spawn extra charges on a one charged
item as long as you're in a room that
has enemies on it I thought it did devil
is worth taking in I don't really care
what our luck stats like right now who
cares
okay mr. Fred so we definitely are going
to fight delirium we're fighting them
last that's the best-case scenario it's
exactly what you want to have happen and
expose Evo should be functionally worth
nothing so this is going to be I think a
bit of a knock-down drag-out fight the
obvious thing is if we die once we're
done
and so far it's going real well but okay
that's what you got to watch out for we
could bail with a fool card that there's
absolutely no point to doing so except
for bravado if we wanted to fight we
wanted to fight void or delirium sorry
twice for some reason
turns out I maybe shouldn't have been so
like concerned about it it actually
seems like we're going to win pretty
handily I got to thank I mean Guffey
obviously was a huge influence in that
but Big Ups to shielded tears as well
not always a ten out of ten item but
might have been a 12 out of 10 right
here that's even you might have said
eleven nah this is twenty percent better
than the best side and we could fathom
and we just won okay we ever deemed our
good luck at some point in that run we
Adam banks did we were the spoiled rich
kid who finished the run too early but
then we came back and we played our
heart out in the finals for Emilio
Estevez and Joshua Jackson thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the episode
we're at eight eight wins in a row
feeling alright thanks for watching if
you enjoyed it click the like button now
was that a great deal and of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time